hey buddy fuzzy on what boob was a girl
who live the easy life is it in my home
hi Jenny you're like a pet anybody's
been until Elliot opened his eyes what
that you want one
you gotta go do a whole new world
outside okay forth 101 these are called
three again I'll be kicking you a funny
blind but you and what on boy now in
order to survive the woods is no place
for fair they'll have to use their
instinct when to bear D fish let's turn
up for boob hunters are here hunted
compare that deer working together blue
no go out there
oh that's better
the season is changing
[Music]
and the odd cap-toe hat i'm a
llamar about dad even when i'm a
bearskin rug they can walk all over me
[Music]
without a fight
Martin Lawrence oh yes
[Music]
what do you got what what do you got
would you want to trade anybody
you